ticdc: update ga related docs (#3752)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/manage-ticdc.md

        ],
        "ignore-txn-start-ts": null,
        "ddl-allow-list": null
      },
      "mounter": {
        "worker-num": 16
      },
      "sink": {
        "dispatchers": null,
        "protocol": "default"
      },
      "cyclic-replication": {
        "enable": false,
        "replica-id": 0,
        "filter-replica-ids": null,
        "id-buckets": 0,
        "sync-ddl": false
      },
      "scheduler": {
        "type": "table-number",
        "polling-time": -1
      }
    },
    "state": "normal",
    "history": null,
    "error": null
  },
  "status": {
    "resolved-ts": 419036036249681921,
    "checkpoint-ts": 419036036249681921,
    "admin-job-type": 0
  },
  "count": 0,
  "task-status": [
    {
      "capture-id": "97173367-75dc-490c-ae2d-4e990f90da0f",
      "status": {
        "tables": {
          "47": {
            "start-ts": 419036036249681921,
            "mark-table-id": 0
          }
        },
        "operation": null,
        "admin-job-type": 0
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

In the command and result above:

- `info` is the replication configuration of the queried `changefeed`.
- `status` is the replication state of the queried `changefeed`.

>     - `resolved-ts`: The largest transaction `TS` in the current `changefeed`. Note that this `TS` has been successfully sent from TiKV to TiCDC.

Author: I didn't modify this sentence already in this document because it avoids grammatical ambiguity:
+ `TS` that has been successfully sent from TiKV to TiCDC?
+ the current `changefeed` that has been successfully sent from TiKV to TiCDC?

>     - `resolved-ts`: The largest transaction `TS` in the current `changefeed`. Note that this `TS` has been successfully sent from TiKV to TiCDC.

Reviewer: OK. Then please update L329. They look very similar.

>     - `resolved-ts`: The largest transaction `TS` in the current `changefeed`. Note that this `TS` has been successfully sent from TiKV to TiCDC.

Author: Done in https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/3752/commits/c67fcf38c873b370d64c42a21810a0a20c7da94d

>     - `checkpoint-ts`: The largest transaction `TS` in the current `changefeed` that has been successfully written to the downstream.

Author: ```suggestion
    - `checkpoint-ts`: The largest transaction `TS` in the current `changefeed`.  Note that this `TS` has been successfully written to the downstream.
```

>     - `checkpoint-ts`: The largest transaction `TS` in the current `changefeed`.  Note that this `TS` has been successfully written to the downstream.

Author: ```suggestion
    - `checkpoint-ts`: The largest transaction `TS` in the current `changefeed`. Note that this `TS` has been successfully written to the downstream.
```

If you want to completely remove the task information, you can specify the `--force` or `-f` argument in the command. Then all information of the `changefeed` will be removed, and you can immediately create a `changefeed` of the same name.

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
cdc cli changefeed remove --pd=http://10.0.10.25:2379 --changefeed-id simple-replication-task --force
```

### Update task configuration

Starting from v4.0.4, TiCDC supports modifying the configuration of the replication task (not dynamically). To modify the `changefeed` configuration, pause the task, modify the configuration, and then resume the task.

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
cdc cli changefeed pause -c test-cf
cdc cli changefeed update -c test-cf --sink-uri="mysql://127.0.0.1:3306/?max-txn-row=20&worker-number=8" --config=changefeed.toml
cdc cli changefeed resume -c test-cf
```

Currently, you can modify the following configuration items:

- `sink-uri` of the `changefeed`.
- The `changefeed` configuration file and all configuration items in the file.
- Whether to use the file sorting feature and the sorting directory.

> - The time zone used in the `changefeed`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The time zone used in the `changefeed`.
```
Please remove this line too, it is my fault. We also need to update the Chinese document

+ To perform online DDL operations, ensure the following requirements are met:
    - The TiCDC components of multiple clusters form a one-way DDL replication chain, which is not cyclic. For example, in the example above, only the TiCDC component of cluster C disables `sync-ddl`.
    - DDL operations must be performed on the cluster that is the starting point of the one-way DDL replication chain, such as cluster A in the example above.

## Output the historical value of a Row Changed Event <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0.5</span>

> **Warning:**
>
> Currently, outputting the historical value of a Row Changed Event is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended to use it in the production environment.

> In the default configuration, the Row Changed Event of TiCDC Open Protocol output in a replication task only contains the changed value, not the value before the change. Such a behavior neither supports the [new collation framework](/character-set-and-collation.md#new-framework-for-collations) introduced in TiDB v4.0 nor meets the need that the consumer ends of TiCDC Open Protocol use the historical value of a Row Changed Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the default configuration, the Row Changed Event of TiCDC Open Protocol output in a replication task only contains the changed value, not the value before the change. Therefore, the output value neither supports the [new collation framework](/character-set-and-collation.md#new-framework-for-collations) introduced in TiDB v4.0, nor can be used by the consumer ends of TiCDC Open Protocol as the historical value of a Row Changed Event.
```

> Before v4.0.5, in the default configuration, the Row Changed Event of TiCDC Open Protocol output in a replication task only contains the changed value, not the value before the change. Such a behavior neither supports the [new collation framework](/character-set-and-collation.md#new-framework-for-collations) introduced in TiDB v4.0 nor meets the need that the consumer ends of TiCDC Open Protocol use the historical value of a Row Changed Event.

Reviewer 2: seems don't need to add `Before v4.0.5` here, both in version less than 4.0.5 and 4.0.5 have this default behavior

Author: removed in https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/3752/commits/510a8442b9d1e91b68e2ef13f46911a9988afb8c

> Before v4.0.5, in the default configuration, the Row Changed Event of TiCDC Open Protocol output in a replication task only contains the changed value, not the value before the change. Such a behavior neither supports the [new collation framework](/character-set-and-collation.md#new-framework-for-collations) introduced in TiDB v4.0 nor meets the need that the consumer ends of TiCDC Open Protocol use the historical value of a Row Changed Event.

Author: ```suggestion
In the default configuration, the Row Changed Event of TiCDC Open Protocol output in a replication task only contains the changed value, not the value before the change. Such a behavior neither supports the [new collation framework](/character-set-and-collation.md#new-framework-for-collations) introduced in TiDB v4.0 nor meets the need that the consumer ends of TiCDC Open Protocol use the historical value of a Row Changed Event.
```
